applications: nrf_desktop: Require zero latency in PM while USB active (#21005)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    Picolibc is used by default in Zephyr.
  * The nRF Desktop application image configurations to use Picolibc (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PICOLIBC`) by default.
    Using the minimal libc implementation (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MINIMAL_LIBC`) no longer decreases the memory footprint of the application image for most of the configurations.

>   * Enabled :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_sof_synchronization` (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_HID_REPORT_SENT_ON_SOF <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option) by default on the nRF54H20 Series SoC (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`).

Author: Fixed also in Kconfig help

    For details, see the :ref:`nrf_desktop_board_configuration`.
  * The ``dongle_small`` configuration for the nRF52833 DK.
    The configuration enables logs and mimics the dongle configuration used for small SoCs.

>   * Requiring zero latency in Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-system` while USB is active (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_PM_REQ_NO_PM_LATENCY <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option of :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_pm`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Requirement for zero latency in Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-system` while USB is active (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_PM_REQ_NO_PM_LATENCY <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option of the :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_pm`).
```
